The reason I created this project was to start to use SQL hands on, while also being able to analyze one of my favorite football teams throughout the 2022 season. I am an Alumn from USF and I thought this would be a great first project to create while continuing to learn in MySQL. This project is compiled of all the offensive stats and offensive stats of usf's opponets. My goal of this project was to become more familiar with relational databases, however due to the less than spectacular performance of the usf football team it was difficult to make assumptions from the data on a weekly basis due to inconsistency. 
The DLL file is where I created all three of tables I used (schedule, offensive stats, defensive stats). In this file I left comments for the tables using ALTER TABlE while also leaving my own personal comments as well. Each table had a few different columns while all the tables also shared the "week_id" primary/foreign key.
The INSERT file is where I inserted the data I collected from espn.com about the usf football team for the 2022 season. Here I would insert the data for the schedule table along with their offensive and defensive stats in their respective tables for that weeks game. Some weeks I had to UPDATE the data rather than INSERT due to the tables being created before the all football games were played.
The last file is the STATS ANALYSIS file where I created questions based on the data that I could querry in MySQL.These statements ranged from simple SELECT,FROM, WHERE to more complex statements using JOINS,UNIONS, and GROUP BY's. 
In the future I will look to work with more data and hopefully be able to make better analysis from the data as this project was limited to an underwheliming football team. I believe more data and working on more projects in the future will help me advance my learning in SQL and data analysis. 
